the part about my career or my job that really isn't that great is the
political side of it. Um, there are rules and regulations that we have
to follow. Andi I and I believe in all the rules and regulations
and and and the orders of those appointed over me. But when it gets
to be a little bit more political, because I like to just, I just like
to take care of people, um, to ensure that their their their livelihood
is being taken care of. But when it's a little when it's political,
it's tough for me. Um, I can't take care of the sailors the
way I want to take care of the sailors because I have to think about
the political side of it, Um, and that's a little challenging for me.